README.md, before:

# Note Taker Starter Code

### AS A small business owner
### I WANT to be able to write and save notes
### SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete


### GIVEN a note-taking application
### WHEN I open the Note Taker
### THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
### WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
### THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
### WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
### THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page
### WHEN I click on the Save icon
### THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes
### WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
### THEN that note appears in the right-hand column
### WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
### THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

Commit message:

Update README with purpose statement

README.md, after:

# Note Taker Starter Code
(The purpose of this project is to build an application which can write, save, and delete notes using an express backend to save and retrieve note data from a JSON file. The project user story is below.)


(p) AS A small business owner
(p) I WANT to be able to write and save notes
(p) SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete


### GIVEN a note-taking application
### WHEN I open the Note Taker
### THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
### WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
### THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
### WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
### THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page
### WHEN I click on the Save icon
### THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes
### WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
### THEN that note appears in the right-hand column
### WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
### THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
